MNT/ENH: Add bucket replication configuration to the CDK (#672)
IMAP-Science-Operations-Center/sds-data-manager: docs/source/cdk/s3-replication.rst

S3 Replication
==============

Once you have finished :doc:`backup-deploy`, the new items are automatically replicated
from the source bucket to the backup bucket.

Copying items back into source account bucket
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To restore files from the backup bucket into the main account bucket, we are going to
[assume the role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-role.html#cli-role-prereqs)
created by SdsDataManager stack in the source account. Here, "source account" refers to

> the account with SdsDataManager deployed into it (i.e. dev or prod).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created by SDCStack stack in the source account. Here, "source account" refers to
the account with SDCStack deployed into it (i.e. dev or prod).
```
